Notes for the merge from the decenttree project, 22-Jan-2023.

1. Files that are specific to distance matrix tree inference 
   algorithms that were in the utils folder have been moved to
   a new distancematrixtree folder, and build a library of
   the same name.
2. They've been updated to match what was in the decenttree
   project's folder (of the same name) as at 22-Jan-2023.
3. Some of these files have (in the decenttree project) been
   split up into other files (particularly header files).
   (a) rapidnj.h > nj.h > upgma.h > distancematrix.h 
   (b) clustertree.h                 (tree representations)
   (c) flatmatrix.h + flatmatrix.cpp (distance matrices)
   (d) hashrow.h                     (hashing of matrix rows)
   (e) sequence.cpp + sequence.h     (sequence-loading)

   Most of these files are linked into a decentmatrixtree
   static library that is included into the link for iqtree2
   (by CMakeLists.txt in the topmost iqtree directory).
4. There are a number of additional files in the utils folder:
   (a) argument.cpp + argument.h (command-line argument parsing)
   (b) my_assert.h               (assertions, drawn out of tools.h)
   (c) vectortypes.cpp + vectortypes.h (vector types, drawn out of tools.h)
   (d) parallel_sort.h + parallel_mergesort.h (merge sort)
5. Some other files in utils folder have been heavily updated
   (mostly, additional docstring comments explaining what 
   functions do - if there's anything else, it's listed below):
   (a) progress.cpp + progress.h
   (b) gzstream.cpp + gzstream.h (Microsoft MSVC use of fopen_s())
       (also there's a pigzstream : an igzstream that reports progress,
       and the compression level can be passed as an extra optional
       parameter to ogzstream).
   (c) hammingdistance.h
   (d) heapsort.h
   (e) operatingsystem.cpp + operatingsystem.h
       (Microsoft MSVC / Windows console file path is different!)
   (f) timeutil.h (Microsoft MSVC, use the Windows time structures)
6. decenttree is built in build/distancematrixtree, now, 
   rather than in build/utils.
7. Changes to files in the alignment folder are mostly needed because
   of functions moved out of utils/tools.cpp (see 4), especially
   safeGetLine().  Also because StartTree::Factory became
   StartTree::Registry (because it's a registry not a factory!).
   I also changed the type of some member variables in Alignment
   from std::vector<string> to StrVector.
8. Changes to files in the main folder are mostly about switching
   over std::vector<string> to StrVector (in a few places where that
   is now needed).
9. I corrected what looked like "stack overflow" bugs in 
   RateContinuousGamma (in the model folder).
10.Likewise, I made AliSimulator's destructor virtual (it wasn't!).
11.The top-most CMakeLists.txt, distancematrixtree (folder and lib) 
   are added, and USE_PROGRESS_DISPLAY is defined to 1.
   decenttree uses a USE_VECTORCLASS_LIBRARY symbol (either 0 or 1)
   to tell it whether it should use the vector class library 
   (that's why it needs to be set to 1 in CMakeLists.txt; the 
   default, if it's not set is to treat it as though it is 0).
   (Needed this for header-only compile of bits of decenttree).
   There are also references to the distancematrixtree static
   library (see next point).

Changes to existing (and new) distance matrix algorithm files:
(a) bionj.cpp compiles with fewer warnings under Visual Studio
    (this is the original BIONJ; the changes just turn off
    some warnings)
(b) fancyrapidnj.h provides ONJ-R and ONJ-R-V algorithms
    (there is no ONJ, if there were an ONJ that didn't do 
    branch and bound, it'd be pretty much the same thing
    as NJ with a different matrix representation)


